dx-991 added info on token deletion (#623)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/card-purchase.md

| └─➔&nbsp;`href`                   | `string`     | The target URI to perform the operation against.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| └─➔&nbsp;`rel`                    | `string`     | The name of the relation the operation has to the current resource.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> {% include delete-token.md api_resource="creditcard" documentation_section
> ="card" token_field_name="paymentToken" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include delete-token.md api_resource="creditcard"
documentation_section="card" token_field_name="paymentToken" %}
```

| └─➔&nbsp;`href`                   | `string`     | The target URI to perform the operation against.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| └─➔&nbsp;`rel`                    | `string`     | The name of the relation the operation has to the current resource.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> Customers should be able to set `paymentToken` to deleted if the consumer 

Reviewer 2: Codacy found an issue: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=6038721)

> 
> Customers should be able to set `paymentToken` to deleted if the consumer 
> deletes their agreements with their customer. 

Reviewer: We need to explain how the operation that describes how to delete a token is found. What is its `rel` name? Please provide an example and update the `<OPERATION NAME>` in the description.

```suggestion
Payers should be able to delete payment tokens that are associated to
them. To delete a `paymentToken`, perform the `<OPERATION NAME>`
operation.

```

Note that the value of `state` must be `Deleted` when deleting the token. 
No other states are supported.

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http

> POST /psp/creditcard/payments HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: This URL does not seem correct.
